AWS - xpander 1852 (#25339)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-Enrichment-Remediation/README.md

![AWS - Security Group Remediation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/master/Packs/AWS-Enrichment-Remediation/doc_files/AWS_-_Security_Group_Remediation.png)

#### AWS - Security Group Remediation v2

> AWS - Security Group Remediation playbook more selectively determine which security groups are over-permissive, copies them and remove only the over-permissive portions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AWS - Security Group Remediation playbook more selectively determines which security groups are over-permissive, copies them and removes only the over-permissive portions.
```

#### AWS - Unclaimed S3 Bucket Remediation
AWS - Unclaimed S3 Bucket Remediation playbook creates the unclaimed S3 bucket so other vectors can't claim the bucket.

![AWS - Unclaimed S3 Bucket Remediation](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/demisto/content/7f3e223a86964eda5689a9c3e1f22511021c5f40/Packs/AWS-Enrichment-Remediation/doc_files/AWS_-_Unclaimed_S3_Bucket_Remediation.png)

### Automation Scripts

#### AWSRecreateSG

Automation to determine which interface on an EC2 instance has an over-permissive security group, determine which security groups have over-permissive rules, and replace them with a copy of the security group that has only the over-permissive portion removed.  Over-permissive is defined as sensitive ports (SSH, RDP, etc) being exposed to the internet via IPv4.

> TODO ADD LINK AFTER PR

Author: [Yuval's feedback](https://github.com/demisto/content/pull/25339/commits/585c5a6f8cf2f01f48363f7aedc38d46b7022f87)
